“Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland” features which of these characters?
“Association football” is the British term for a sport typically known as what in the US?
“Betteridge’s Law” is a famous observation about what?
“Bollywood” is a portmanteau of what city and Hollywood?
“Boss of Me” by They Might Be Giants was the theme song to what sitcom?
“Chestnut” and “button” are types of which ingredient?
“Dirty water dog” is a New York City nickname for what edible street food?
“Embarazada” is the Spanish word for what?
“Fro-yo” is short for what?
“Go Blue!” is the rallying cry of what university’s sports team?
“Here Comes the Bride” was written by the composer of which opera?
“INTJ” is a personality type based on a hypothesis by which psychiatrist?
“Le Monde” is a daily newspaper based in what capital city?
“Let My Love Open the Door” was a hit for a former member of what band?
“Long pimples” is slang for equipment in which sport?
“Posse cut” is common terminology in what profession?
“Sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia” is the scientific term for what?
“Tales from the Crypt” was originally on the same U.S. network as which show?
“The cake is a lie” is a catchphrase originating in what hit video game?
“The Landlord’s Game” by Elizabeth Magie evolved into what classic board game?
“Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance” gets its name from an earlier book about what?
A “rack-and-pinion” assembly relies on what mechanical concept?
A 1939 Supreme Court decision ruled against workers taking part in what kind of strike?
A 1976 book by Richard Dawkins introduced what now-common word?
A 1984 Devo album has the same name as a massive 1984 single by what band?
A 2002 law requires US candidates to say which of these phrases in political ads?
A 2014 online gag convinced some people to recharge their iPhones by doing what?
A 2017 hack of the “Harvard Crimson” front page made fun of what celebrity?
A bed that folds up into the wall is commonly known as what?
A bull terrier honored by the military after World War I later became what university’s mascot?
A cat with what fur pattern is almost always female?
A catchy song is sometimes referred to as what?
A centuries-old game called “Captain’s Mistress” is now often sold under what name?
A character on “Seinfeld” once found the discarded set of what TV show host?
A classic 1936 book about the Civil War is called “Gone with the” what?
A classic Shakespeare play details the doomed love between Romeo and who?
A common metaphor for an unpleasant subject is having what animal “in the room”?
A common type of hair tie covered in fabric is known as what?
A controversial ‘90s episode of “Oprah” caused the price of which product to drop?
A crystal egg plays a key role in an ’80s film that had what working title?
A dinner combining seafood and red meat is called “surf and” what?
A direct flight from Bishkek to Ashgabat will nearly pass over which country’s capital?
A famous 1945 short story is written from the point of view of which novel’s protagonist?
A famous 1977 FBI sting to unmask KGB operatives had what curious name?
A famous Emily Dickinson poem compared which of these phenomena to a bee?
A famous fossil found in an English cave has what cheesy name?
A famously counterintuitive logic puzzle is named for what game show host?
A founder of publishing house Simon &amp; Schuster is the parent of a famous what?
A galleon is an old-fashioned type of what?
A high-tech store with no cashiers recently opened in Seattle under what name?
A house in need of repairs and remodeling is known as what?
A key financial backer of the 1961 Freedom Rides was famous for recording which song?
A late 19th-century essay introduced the concept of brunch as a way to address what?
A lifeguard is most likely to keep watch over what?
A Londoner born within earshot of the St. Mary-le-Bow bells is said to be what?
A massive 2017 hit by Selena Gomez sampled a ’70s song with what memorable lyric?
A men's size 10 shoe in the U.S. is what size in Japan?
A nebulizer helps administer medical treatment in what form?
A person who can’t decide something is said to be “sitting on the” what?
A person writing clearly and correctly is often said to be following “Strunk and” whom?
A photo of Meryl Streep yelling through her hands was taken at what 2015 awards show?
A police officer can search your house without a warrant if they have what cause?
A popular board game is titled “Chutes and” what?
A popular card game involves telling your opponent to do what?
A restaurant dish that is prepared when you order it is said to be cooked how?
A single piece of clothing that covers the entire body is called what?
A son of Rutherford B. Hayes co-founded a company that invented what household item?
A spork is a utensil that combines what two things?
A stylized depiction of the Matterhorn is featured in what corporate logo?
A successful jeans designer shares her name with which of these buildings?
A tarantula hawk is a type of what?
A unicorn typically has one what on its head?
Aaron Sorkin &amp; Quentin Tarantino helped write the screenplay to which movie?
About how long does light from our Sun take to reach Earth?
Abraham Lincoln is known for wearing what kind of headgear?
Abraham Lincoln served Illinois as a member of which branch of Congress?
According to a famous saying, “a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single” what?
According to an infamous ’80s hoax, April Fools’ Day was created by a Roman court jester named what?
According to an old saying, “You can’t judge a book by its” what?
According to ancient lore, what, if obtained, would bring good luck to wedding guests?
According to ancient Rome’s iconic epic, what hero was hidden inside the Trojan Horse?
According to Emily Post, what is the ONLY fork placed on the right side of the plate?
According to Guinness World Records, the hit single containing the most words was recorded by what artist?
According to his own writings, how did St. Patrick first arrive in Ireland?
According to Icelandic tradition, where would you most likely find an Icelandic elf?
According to its inventor, the graphics format spelled G-I-F is pronounced how?
According to Japanese tradition, a wedding scheduled on “butsumetsu” would likely result in what?
According to Kermit the Frog, “It’s not easy being” what?
According to legend, everything King Midas touched turned to what?
According to legend, what did St. Patrick drive out of Ireland?
According to legend, what documents were once nailed to the door of the Wittenberg Church?
According to legend, what vessel is most likely to contain a wish-granting genie?
According to lore, what did the Sphinx ask for before allowing visitors into Thebes?
According to Marie Kondo, you should only own material items with what quality?
According to old superstition, in order to avoid a jinx you should knock on what?
According to the author of “Harry Potter,” where is Hogwarts?
According to the Book of Leviticus, which of these animals is kosher to eat?
According to the cartoon's theme song, what made Clifford the Big Red Dog so big?
According to the Chinese zodiac, 2018 is now officially the Year of the what?
According to the creator, which of these classic characters is actually NOT a cat?
According to the National Weather Service, what differentiates a blizzard from a snowstorm?
According to the old saying, “actions speak louder than” what?
According to the old song “Row, Row, Row Your Boat,” life is but a what?
According to the title of a classic horror movie, “The Hills Have” what?
According to the title of her hit 2015 song, how long is Rihanna from wildin'?
According to the U.S. government, which of these is correct?
Actor John Wayne is most famous for playing what kind of character?
Adam Sandler did NOT receive a Kids Choice Award for his work in which movie?
Aerosmith’s “Dude (Looks Like a Lady)” was written about what heavy metal vocalist?
After Prince Edward Island, what is Canada’s most densely populated province?
Albert Einstein won a Nobel Prize for his work on what scientific phenomenon?
Alfred, Lord Tennyson’s “Charge of the Light Brigade” commemorates a battle in what conflict?
Along with California, what state was the first to pass a medical marijuana proposition?
American folk hero &amp; apple enthusiast John Chapman was known by what nickname?
Among U.S. astronauts, what distinction does Sally Ride have?
Among U.S. state capitals, what is unique about Vermont’s?
Amtrak trains do NOT stop in which of these places?
An actor who speaks directly to the camera or audience is said to be breaking what?
An annual holiday at Emory University features students being let out of class by what?
An extremely impolite guest at a Nixon family wedding went on to write under what nom de plume?
Ancient Egyptians shaved their eyebrows when what occurred?
Andy Warhol reportedly once said that “everyone will be world-famous for” how long?
Another way to express the number 1000 is to write “ten to the” what?
Antoni Gaudí's famous Sagrada Família cathedral can be found in what country?
Ardrey Kell High School in Charlotte, North Carolina played a major role in what meme?
Armenia and Estonia are former members of which group of countries?
Around since 1996, which of these is one of the first-generation Pokémon?
As of 2017, which of these industries had the highest percentage of the UK's GDP?
As portrayed in “The King’s Speech,” which king quit and left his stammering brother to take the throne?
As quoted on a US gov’t website, who said that income tax is “the hardest thing in the world to understand”?
As the old saying goes, when all you've got is a hammer, everything looks like a what?
As well as medals, what were winners given at the Rio Olympics' medal ceremonies?
Aside from Walt Disney, the most Oscar-nominated person in history is known for what?
At New Orleans Mardi Gras, what are float riders required to wear by law?
Auguste Rodin's statue The Thinker is meant to represent what real-life person?
Author Ian Fleming created what spy code-named 007?
Bart's age on “The Simpsons” is NOT the same as which of these characters?
Basketball was invented in the U.S. state that is also home to which of these islands?
Because he likes the “lessons,” what film has the rapper known as Puff Daddy watched at least 63 times?
Before “This American Life,” Ira Glass was the co-host of an NPR show based in what city?
Before creating his own successful fast food operation, Dave Thomas worked for what chain?
Before creating Hotmail, the two founders worked together at what company?
Before inventing Nike's air soles, where did the creator work?
Before leaving office, what president's staff removed dozens of W's from White House keyboards?
Before the Industrial Revolution, American workers would typically stop around 11 a.m. to do what?
Before the lyrics are sung, how many finger snaps are heard in the “Addams Family” theme song?
Ben &amp; Jerry’s Cherry Garcia flavor is a pun on the lead singer of what band?
Bessie, the US equivalent to the Loch Ness monster, is rumored to live in what lake?
Big Major Cay, located on the eastern side of the Bahamas, is famous for what?
Bill Cunningham was a key influence in what style of photography?
Birders use what four-letter word to refer to hard-to-classify birds?
Bob Marley’s son performs the theme song for a hit animated TV show about a talking what?
Bonnie &amp; Clyde were wanted by police for committing what crime?
Boston and Buffalo have both been home to major pro sports teams named what?
Botanically speaking, what type of fruit is an avocado?
Buying a can of soda will incur a higher tax in which city?
By area, which of these US states is biggest?
By definition, a hotel room advertised as having AC has what?
By definition, a myopic person is considered what?
By definition, a person who cuts hair is often referred to as what?
By definition, a person who is ambidextrous is able to do what?
By definition, a person with bad handwriting can be said to have what?
By definition, a skinflint is someone who does NOT like doing what?
By definition, a vexillologist is most likely to be interested in which of these things?
By definition, aleatoric music is considered to be what?
By definition, an ambulatory person is what?
By definition, an expert in amanuensis is helpful in what?
By definition, if a Middle Eastern dish has dopiaza in its name, it will include what ingredient?
By definition, numbers that are less than zero are classified as what?
By definition, people who are somnambulists do what?
By definition, what type of singing is usually done without any instrumental accompaniment?
By definition, where are people known as Turkmen from?
By definition, which of these people is guilty of treason?
By definition, which of these would you need to “defenestrate” a prized belonging?
By definition, whole-body cryotherapy traditionally involves what?
By volume, the air we breathe is mostly made up of what element?
Catherine de’ Medici was present at the performance of the first-ever formal what?
Charles Darwin was born on the same exact date and year as which president?
Chat app Airtime was launched by the founder of what startup?
Cinnamon is the primary flavoring of which liqueur?
Cirque du Soleil is a theater troupe first formed in which country?
Closely tied to “perestroika,” what does the Russian word “glasnost” mean?
Clothes normally go from a washing machine to what other machine?
Created in a 1970 contest, the universal recycling symbol depicts what?
Daku is the pseudonym of a street artist known for his work in what city?
Denver’s Union Station once banned which of these things?
Despite his name, which of these musicians is actually from Morocco?
Dr. Charles Drew’s greatest contribution to medicine was in what area?
During part of the Cold War, what city's MLB team added the word “legs” to its name?
During which holiday are the most greeting cards in the U.S. sold?
During World War I, what dog breed was widely renamed “liberty hound” in the US?
Earlier this decade, the billionaire creator behind what ’90s craze got busted for tax evasion?
Edgar Allan Poe’s raven famously repeats what word?
Eggs Benedict made with crab meat instead of ham is commonly known as what?
Eggs that are fried without being flipped over are typically described how?
Elephants are known for their sense of what?
Eliza Schuyler Hamilton helped raise money to build what DC landmark?
Facebook's first logo featured the actor who played which of these characters in a film?
Fancy Scotch whisky is often described as “single” what?
Firefighters often have which of these things attached to their trucks?
For high-end sneakers, which of these acronyms describes shoes that are usually easiest to get?
For the US 50 State Quarters Program, Ohio and North Carolina argued over the rights to a famous what?
For what object did “Time” magazine bend the rules for its “Person of the Year” award?
For which movie did Tom Hanks receive his most recent acting Oscar nomination?
For which of these movies did Meryl Streep NOT win an Oscar?
Frenchman Fernand Lamaze came up with a popular technique for what?
From 2000 to 2002, what MLB team's stadium was named for a company that no longer exists?
From what country did the American colonies win their independence?
From what do baby chicks hatch?
From where did the Titanic originally set sail?
Geographically speaking, an atoll is a type of what?
George Washington Carver is famous for his scientific work on what subject?
Guns N’ Roses once wrote a song with the same title as what author's most famous work?
Habitat for Humanity is a charity known for building what?
Hamburgers are usually made with what?
Henry David Thoreau’s “Walden” detailed his cabin life in which state?
Herman Melville dedicated “Moby-Dick” to the author of what other classic work?
How did Senator Strom Thurmond prepare for the longest-ever U.S. Congressional filibuster?
How do you find the reciprocal of a number?
How does the IRS tax the digital currency known as Bitcoin?
How is Jack Dawkins better known in a classic 19th century novel?
How is the first name of the lead actor of “The English Patient” pronounced?
How long is a single term for a US senator?
How many U.S. states allow common law marriage?
How would you say “hello” in Mandarin Chinese?
Humorous clips of mishaps in radio, TV and movies are known as what?
Hydroelectric power generates electricity from what?
If a British person asks to use your “lorry,” what do they want to use?
If a pair of brothers marries a pair of sisters, what would a genealogist call their kids?
If an event is biennial, how many times will it happen in a decade?
If planted properly, what kind of trees will acorns grow into?
If you are about to use foul language, you might say “pardon my” what?
If you filed an extension on your individual US tax return this year, when is your new deadline?
If your clothes catch fire, you are supposed to stop, drop, and what?
Ignoring someone is also known as “giving them the cold” what?
In “Dirty Dancing,” what does Patrick Swayze say right after declaring, “Nobody puts baby in a corner”?
In “Mister Rogers' Neighborhood,” what was Mr. Rogers’ first name?
In “Pulp Fiction,” Samuel L. Jackson claims his iconic monologue comes from what book of the Bible?
In “The Silence of the Lambs,” Hannibal Lecter paired his fava beans with a wine from what country?
In 1534, why did England’s king appoint himself “Supreme Head” of his country’s church?
In 18th-century London, people mocked the first public user of which of these accessories?
In 1943, Major League Baseball stopped using what material in game balls?
In 1954, Roger Bannister became the first man to do what in under four minutes?
In 1958, a physicist used an oscilloscope to create what is considered the first what?
In 1973, Arabella and Anita became the first members of what species to go into space?
In 1982 U.S. regulators began allowing American trains to phase out what?
In 1992, which band released a single named for an alkali metal?
In 1997, Alabama’s state bar association put up a monument to whom?
In 2005, what did BBC chairman Michael Grade declare as his aim for the future of the network?
In 2008, the creators of what startup raised funds by selling novelty breakfast cereals?
In 2014, an excavation at a New Mexican landfill uncovered what?
In 2017, what did Twitter do to its 140-character limit on tweets?
In 2017, what publication revived the first U.S. newspaper written and edited by women?
In a 1952 musical, Gene Kelly was “Singin’ in the” what?
In a 2000 film, Ed Harris played a painter most closely associated with what art movement?
In a best-selling Little Golden Book, who was “The Monster at The End of This Book”?
In a BLT sandwich, the “T” stands for what?
In a famous folktale, what archer stole from the rich and gave to the poor?
In a humorous saying for British nobility, the second-born child is known as the what?
In a pool hall, “firewood” is often used as slang for what?
In a popular saying, “a picture is worth a thousand” what?
In a standard deck of playing cards, which king is holding an axe and facing sideways?
In a trial, who is charged with proving guilt?
In a viral photo of Dwayne “The Rock" Johnson in a turtleneck, what is his arm leaning on?
In an early scene in “WarGames,” Matthew Broderick grabs a textbook off of what arcade game?
In an episode of “Friends”, what name was Ross supposed to say at his wedding ceremony instead of “Rachel”?
In an old expression, “what’s good for the goose” is also good for the what?
In an old legend, what did Arthur pull out of a stone to become king?
In anatomy, different parts of an organism are often separated by what?
In Ancient Greece, Olympic athletes typically competed wearing what?
In AOL Instant Messenger, what default sound played when friends appeared online?
In arithmetic, how is a number squared?
In astronomical terms, what is the opposite of a full moon?
In baseball, “Mendoza line” is a nickname for what?
In baseball, a player is said to get a “golden sombrero” for doing what?
In billiards, what color is a standard eight-ball?
In book publishing, a novel with a soft cover is typically called what?
In Canada's national anthem, what word is used to describe Canadian hearts?
In chess, which piece is typically the least powerful?
In construction, steel rods that are used to reinforce concrete are called what?
In cooking, what do chefs set up before they make a meal?
In da Vinci’s “Last Supper,” which disciple is depicted holding a weapon?
In diamond rings, what shape best describes a “princess” cut?
In Dr. Seuss’s “The Cat in the Hat Comes Back,” what is inside the Cat’s hat?
In English, the Chinese term for paparazzi literally translates to what?
In Europe, the two largest Channel Islands lend their names to breeds of what animal?
In gardening, what word refers to overall health and usability of soil?
In golf, the best score on a single hole is popularly known as what?
In Greek mythology, who abandoned his mother and sister to fight alongside the Trojans?
In his first-ever video game appearance, Mario had what profession?
In July of 2017, Joey Chestnut set a world record by consuming 72 what?
In kickball, what are players meant to use to propel the ball onto the field?
In meteorology, okta units measure which of these things?
In one of the biggest upsets in Tony history, a show about puppets beat out which of these musicals?
In order to legally drive in the U.S., which of these do you need?
In political elections, someone who is currently in office is known as what?
In pregnancy, the ECV method uses what to change the baby’s position?
In professional wrestling, bad guys are called “heels” and good guys are known as what?
In Psy’s viral 2012 song from South Korea, the term “oppa” loosely translates to which of these?
In publishing, what is typically found next to “verso”?
In Richard Connell’s famous short story “The Most Dangerous Game,” what is being hunted?
In Rome, which of these ingredients is used to flavour ciabatta bread?
In Shakespeare's play “Julius Caesar,” what phrase does the titular character say to Brutus?
In terms of miles traveled, which of these races is the longest?
In the 1800s, a chemistry student making synthetic quinine accidentally created what dye?
In the 1920s, a man notoriously pushed what to the top of Pikes Peak using only his nose?
In the 1960s, Radio Shack was purchased by a company specializing in what?
In the 1989 film “Turner &amp; Hooch,” what kind of animal was Hooch?
In the 1990s, a Texas county designated what as its official phone greeting?
In the Austin Powers films, what type of cat was Mr. Bigglesworth before his cryogenic freeze?
In the Bible, Moses came down from Mount Sinai with tablets containing what?
In the Bible, which son of Jacob has the same mother as Joseph?
In the book “Ready Player One,” the hero's spacecraft is named after the author of what novel?
In the Catholic Church, which of these is considered the most powerful?
In the children’s book, which of these foods did “The Very Hungry Caterpillar” eat?
In the classic edition of Monopoly, which word appears in the name of two different spaces?
In the classic fairy tale, who is Little Red Riding Hood's enemy?
In the Eurythmics’ debut hit video, what color was the lead singer’s hair?
In the fashion world, different color combinations for a single design are known as what?
In the film series, which of these boxers officially had a winning record against Rocky Balboa?
In the film that bears his name, what is John Wick’s “casus belli”?
In the film version of “Matilda,” which Olympic sport did Miss Trunchbull compete in?
In the first known use of “mammoth” as an adjective, what item was it describing?
In the game of Candy Land, which player goes first?
In the heyday of the Mutoscope, where would you have been most likely to find one?
In the history of US presidential elections, what third-party candidate got the most electoral votes?
In the kids’ song, “if you’re happy and you know it,” you do what?
In the King James Bible, Job worries about the taste of what food?
In the King James Bible, which of these measures “six cubits and a span”?
In the mid-’70s, who became Saturday Night Live’s first-ever musical guest?
In the Mother Goose nursery rhyme, what did Little Miss Muffet sit on?
In the NCAA Basketball Tournament, the last four teams alive are known as the what?
In the nursery rhyme, Mary had a little what?
In the old saying, when life gives you lemons you should do what?
In the original “Rampage” arcade game, which monster’s face is NOT featured on the title screen?
In the original children's book “Flat Stanley,” what falling item flattens Stanley?
In the popular Asian sport sepak takraw, players strike the ball with what?
In the popular comic strip, what color is Hagar the Horrible’s beard?
In the popular rhyme, April showers bring what?
In the Spielberg film “E.T.”, what does E.T. stand for?
In the Styx song “Mr. Roboto,” the narrator's brain is made by what tech company?
In the tech world, the acronym “IoT” typically stands for what?
In the U.S. Daylight Saving Time system, which season falls under Standard Time?
In the U.S., a massive amount of gold is kept where?
In the U.S., a trial without a jury is known as what?
In the U.S., light intensity is often measured with a unit named what?
In the U.S., what do students typically complete right before going to college?
In the U.S., which of these beverages typically contains espresso?
In the U.S., which of these job uniforms is illegal to wear if you do not have that job?
In the world of comic books, what does “retcon” mean?
In theater, what phrase means “good luck”?
In their original theatrical run, the “Little Rascals” shorts of the 1930s and ’40s were called what?
In total, Britain has just over 9,800 miles of which of the following?
In towns like Edinburgh and Glasgow, homes traditionally have red doors to signify what?
In U.S. credit, what did FICO originally stand for?
In western media, what are astronauts from China called?
In what holy location would you find the Dome of the Rock?
In what language is “555” internet slang for laughter?
In what medium was Superman’s Kryptonite weakness introduced?
In what part of a newspaper would you post an item for sale?
In what sport would you most likely use the term “bullseye”?
In which African country is English NOT the official language?
In which country do people typically answer the phone by saying “Pronto”?
In which country is GeoCities still up and running?
In which discipline are you most likely to learn about morphemes?
In which of the following musicals does the first Holy Roman Emperor appear?
In which of these directions can most standard elevators travel?
In which of these games do you yell the game's name when you win?
In which of these movies does the bootstrap paradox play a key role?
In which of these novels is the first word the same as the title?
In which of these places do brides traditionally get temporary tattoos of grooms' initials?
In which of these places does the capital city NOT contain the name of the country?
In which of these places were rulers known as pharaohs?
In which of these sports can a player NOT get a strike?
In which of these sports do competitors often wear jodhpurs?
In which of these terms does the initial refer to the name of an emperor?
In which of these TV shows did the star NOT play a character with the same first name?
In which of these would you most likely find a wet cell battery?
In which type of exercise class would you most likely use a reformer?
In writing, what set of rules regulates the order of words?
Including today, how many “Friday the 13ths” will occur during 2018?
Jane Morgan was a nom de plume for the author of which of these works?
Jimi Hendrix, Frank Sinatra &amp; Bobby Darin all released songs with what name in the title?
King Louis XIV’s Palace of Versailles contained over 150 pieces of furniture made entirely of what?
Koko the gorilla is famous for doing which of these things?
Korean pop music is often called what?
Lady Godiva allegedly disrobed and rode a horse through the streets to oppose what?
Las Vegas welcomes visitors with an iconic sign that declares the city is what?
Last year, Microsoft angered customers by announcing it would eliminate what Windows software?
Legal work done without charging a fee is known as what?
Legendary NBA player Larry Bird went on to coach what team?
Lonnie Johnson accidentally created the Supersoaker while trying to build what?
Low-income college students may qualify for a federal grant program named for a senator from what state?
Loyola University’s “Madagascar Madness” is an annual race of what animal?
Madonna was inducted into the Rock &amp; Roll Hall of Fame by the singer of which song?
Matt Damon &amp; Ben Affleck appear uncredited in which baseball movie?
Measured by magnitude, the largest recorded earthquake in US history hit what city hardest?
Meat Loaf’s album “Bat Out of Hell” features songs originally written for a musical about who?
Medicine you can buy without a prescription is said to be available over-the-what?
Michael Douglas’s first Oscar was for a film set where?
Michael Jackson was known as the King of what?
Microblading eyebrows essentially consists of doing what?
Militia soldiers in the American Revolutionary War were commonly called what?
Modern automobiles typically run on which of these?
Moore’s Law is a famous observation that concerns what?
Mozart’s “The Marriage of Figaro” continues the story of what other opera?
Muhammad Ali famously said he could “float like a butterfly, sting like a” what?
NASA’s Curiosity Rover was built to explore the surface of what?
Neapolitan ice cream gets its name from a city in what country?
Nearly every episode of which TV show is named after a song title?
Neil Armstrong was the first person to do what?
Nerf balls were initially marketed as the world’s first what?
New Jersey native John Taylor is credited with creating what processed meat product?
New Mexico exempts which group of people from paying state income taxes?
Newborn flamingoes are typically what color?
Norman Rockwell’s iconic Four Freedoms series contains a famous scene set where?
Of the following cities, which is farthest west?
Of the US presidents born in the 20th century, who held office first?
On a compass, what does the letter N typically stand for?
On a map, Italy is often said to resemble what everyday item?
On AFI’s list of greatest film heroes and villains, who played a character listed as both?
On AFI’s list of the top 100 movie quotes, two of the top three were spoken by what actor?
On Broadway, a “triple threat” is a person who sings, dances and what?
On Disneyland’s first day in 1955, which attraction was NOT present?
On her first recording, Billie Holiday was accompanied by what jazz legend?
On the periodic table of the elements, what are the horizontal rows called?
Once a body of water, which of these regions is now dried out?
One of the earliest descriptions of dental floss appears in what landmark of literature?
One thousand years ago, which of these regions was heavily populated with Moorish people?
Oslo, Norway is home to a museum featuring thousands of what mini items?
Our solar system’s main asteroid belt lies between the orbits of which two planets?
Painter Margaret Keane’s work directly inspired which cartoon series?
Pantene Pro-V and Garnier Fructis are popular types of what?
Parmesan cheese is named for an Italian province called what?
Parquet is a type of what?
Passing a soccer ball through an opponent’s legs is known as a what?
Paul Newman is mentioned in the first line of what novel?
Pickles are typically made with what ingredient?
Pink Floyd’s “Dark Side of the Moon” most famously syncs with what movie?
Police tell arrestees they have the right to remain silent thanks to a Supreme Court ruling against what U.S. state… https://t.co/LpeQPVHNUb
Portuguese is an official language of which country?
Posted by the co-founder, the first-ever photo on Instagram featured what filter?
Project Star Gate was once a secret government program researching what?
Queen Elizabeth II has famously kept what kind of dog as a pet for decades?
Ransom Riggs’s debut novel was adapted into a movie by what director?
Rockstar Games has produced two video games based on which film franchise?
Ron Perlman, Kris Kristofferson and Lynda Carter have all recorded voices for what video game series?
Ross Perot once provided a $3 million credit line to help establish which chain?
Rumored to be made of unicorn horns, the throne chair of Denmark is actually made of what?
Rumspringa is a rite of passage among which of these groups?
San Francisco's Waldo Tunnel was renamed in 2016 after a noted what?
Shopping mall staple Gadzooks was purchased by what fellow retailer?
Since 2004, the World Chess Federation has had its headquarters in which city?
Siri made its debut on which iPhone?
Sleeping through winter is hibernation, but sleeping through summer is called what?
Smokey the Bear often preaches that only YOU can prevent what?
Snorkelers in the water are most likely to wear what on their feet?
Soup is typically eaten with what kind of kitchen utensil?
Spider-Man is known for flinging what from his wrists?
Sprinter Justin Gatlin once ran a record-breaking 100 meter sprint thanks to what advantage?
Street art that involves spraying paint on walls is known as what?
Students of Auguste Escoffier would have known how to do what?
Surviving the Titanic earned Molly Brown what nickname?
Taylor Swift reportedly wrote "Bad Blood" about Katy Perry after a conflict over what?
Technically, all licensed U.S. dentists are also officially what?
Tenzing Norgay is credited as one of the first two men to reach what place?
TGIF most commonly stands for “Thank God It’s” what?
Thanks to an old process for quick copying, architectural plans are traditionally what color?
Thanks to how the French language works, what is NATO called in France?
Thanks to its colorful buildings, which of these places is known as the “Pink City”?
Thanks to its density, which of these elements is the heaviest?
Thanks to its looks, a common European frog shares a name with what herb?
Thanks to the time it took to make, what movie was almost called “12 Years”?
The “Back to the Future” movie trilogy spans how long a period of time?
The “Cha-Cha Slide” includes a dance move named after what cartoon character?
The “Father of Art Deco” designed over 200 covers for which magazine?
The “skyhook” is a move in which of these sports?
The “Streisand effect” describes when an attempt at what backfires?
The 1980 US hockey team won the gold medal by defeating which country in the final game?
The 2008 Olympics were the first time the medals contained what material?
The 2017 fantasy novel “The Dark Prophecy” is set in the same universe as what other novel?
The 20th century US Supreme Court Justice Marshall was born with what first name?
The acclaimed author of “The Year of Magical Thinking” has appeared in ads for what fashion brand?
The actor behind which “Fresh Prince” character also had a long career voicing cartoon villains?
The area where one practices Japanese martial arts is often called what?
The Ark of the Covenant supposedly contains what religious artifact?
The arrow next to the gas gauge on a car dashboard is designed to point to what?
The artist behind what 20th-century masterpiece also competed in a World Chess Olympiad?
The athlete who has competed in the most Olympic games hails from which country?
The author Bram Stoker created what famous vampire in 1897?
The author of “Chitty Chitty Bang Bang” also created what literary character?
The author of “The Picture of Dorian Gray” was born in what country?
The author of “Treasure Island” also once wrote about the namesake of what cheese?
The author of which classic work was widely known for his hatred of the Eiffel Tower?
The author of which of these works also wrote a famous biography of Christopher Columbus?
The author who created Tarzan once worked for which of these publications?
The band that recorded “September” is named “Earth, Wind &amp;” what?
The Barbie of Barbie doll fame shares her last name with what current government official?
The Beatles song “Glass Onion” does NOT refer to which earlier Beatles song?
The Benihana company has a restaurant in which of these places?
The biggest lake in the US borders which of these states?
The camera was first featured in which iPhone model?
The capital city of which country sits at the southernmost latitude?
The capital of which state is also the French form of the name Peter?
The Cascade Range runs through which of these states?
The CEO of Domino’s came to the company after working with what kind of food?
The CEO of what tech company turned heads in 2013 by buying a funeral home?
The chief judge of the US Supreme Court is called what?
The Chunnel connects what two countries?
The classic book “The Grapes of Wrath” is about a family's journey to what state?
The classic version of the board game Operation asks players to remove a wrench from where?
The co-creator of the first baby monitor was recruited after his design of what?
The co-creators of Kazaa also helped develop which product?
The college degree “B.A.” is short for what?
The comic strip “B.C.” is mainly about what?
The company whose stock symbol is simply “V” mainly provides which of these?
The composer for the “South Park” movie also provided music for which film?
The concept now known as the “uncanny valley” was created by a scientist from what country?
The container that children traditionally use to collect change is known as what?
The cooking method “al pastor” came to Mexico from what country?
The cooking technique now known as tempura originated in which of these places?
The creator of the first video game Easter egg shares his name with a lead actor in which film?
The creator of which of these fonts has publicly declared it “the best font in the world”?
The current capital city of which country was NOT its capital in 1990?
The Cy Young Award is given each year to Major League Baseball's best what?
The DARPA project “FastRunner” is a robot whose design resembles what speedy animal?
The Declaration of Independence was NOT signed by which of these people?
The defunct channel Court TV briefly owned what popular website?
The designer of the Louis Vuitton Multicolore monogram has also created album cover art for which musician?
The digastric muscle can be found directly under what body part?
The dinosaur genus Zuul gets its name from what film franchise?
The director of “Lady Bird” starred in which indie movie?
The director of “Mad Max: Fury Road” also directed which of these movies?
The director of the horror classic “Scream” also directed which film?
The director of which film appeared in several episodes of “Degrassi: The Next Generation”?
The Doors are named after a famous essay by the author of what iconic novel?
The duration of a pregnancy is usually measured in what?
The earliest known human writing occurred near what river?
The early computer program “OXO” played what game?
The Earth is covered in about 70 percent what?
The element lutetium gets its name from an old name for what European city?
The element named from the Latin for “flint” is typically used to make what?
The famed opera “Fidelio” has the same composer as what work?
The famous German phrase “Sturm und Drang” comes from what?
The fashion brand Opening Ceremony once put on a play co-written by what actor?
The final words of which famous poem are written in the Sanskrit language?
The first beta blocker was developed to treat what ailment?
The first Bo Jackson Nike TV ad featured the musical act famous for recording what song?
The first edition of the CNN show Crossfire featured which host?
The first flag of which state contained the Latin for “don’t touch me”?
The first moons discovered orbiting a planet other than Earth are known as what?
The first official African-American fraternity was founded at what university?
The first player featured on the cover of “Madden NFL” primarily played what position?
The first streaming-only album to win a Grammy takes its title from a kind of what?
The first U.S. hotel to offer room service is now part of what hospitality chain?
The first YouTube Music Awards were co-hosted by the star of what film?
The flight recorder known as the airplane “black box” is typically what color?
The founder of which of these startups has more Twitter followers than Mark Zuckerberg?
The game now known as laser tag began as a 1979 toy inspired by what franchise?
The giant panda’s scientific name is generally translated to “black and white” what?
The Girl Scouts hold an annual fundraiser by selling what?
The Golden Globe Awards are put on by what association?
The Golden Glove is a US prize given out to top performers in what sport?
The Greek names of the two moons of Mars literally translate to what?
The guitarist in the E Street Band starred in which television show?
The Hermès Birkin handbag was born thanks to a random meeting where?
The heroine of Disney’s “The Little Mermaid” was based on a star of what classic sitcom?
The holiday of Passover commemorates events that took place in what ancient civilization?
The host of the first season of “Top Chef” was once married to whom?
The intro of TV’s “Wide World of Sports” pairs the phrase “agony of defeat” with what footage?
The invention known as the Archimedes’ screw is typically used for what?
The inventor of the board game Risk also directed what award-winning film?
The Italian cooking term “al dente” means what?
The Kuiper Belt is home to which of these bodies?
The last lines spoken by Shakespeare’s Romeo and Othello both include what word?
The Latin phrase “tempus fugit” literally translates to what?
The lead actor in “Better Call Saul” starred on what ’90s sketch comedy TV series?
The lead singer of Oingo Boingo provided music for which of these films?
The leading racer in the Tour de France typically wears what color?
The letters in the federal agency IRS stand for what?
The Lil Wayne hit “6 Foot 7 Foot” samples a song prominently featured in which Tim Burton film?
The liquid often used to disinfect hands is known as what?
The Lone Star State does NOT border which state?
The longest side of a right triangle is called the what?
The longest-serving senator currently in office has been re-elected how many times?
The luna moth lives its entire adult life without doing what?
The lunar module for the Apollo 10 moon mission was nicknamed what?
The lyric “dark side of the moon” is sung in what Pink Floyd song?
The Marvin Gaye hit “What’s Going On” featured backup vocals by members of what team?
The military unit responsible for the Pope’s safety is composed of citizens of what country?
The mnemonic “King Henry Doesn’t Usually Drink Chocolate Milk” is used to remember what?
The mockingbird is NOT the state bird of which of these states?
The mosaic pavement streets of Rio de Janeiro contain numerous examples of what?
The most common English word that ends in “-mt” is closely tied to which activity?
The music of Rick Astley played a direct role in bringing down the leader of what country?
The name of a facility for mentally ill foes of Batman is taken from a story by what author?
The name of the famous satellite “Sputnik” roughly translates to what?
The New York Daily Advertiser was a newspaper famous for publishing what?
The New-York Mirror newspaper notably employed which poet?
The notion that “Anything that can go wrong will go wrong” is popularly known as what?
The Notorious B.I.G. shares his real last name with the lead character in which film?
The Olympic logo features what combination of shapes?
The only dwarf planet in our solar system’s asteroid belt is named for a goddess of what?
The only rock song to exit our solar system in hard-copy form is by what artist?
The only Super Bowl halftime show broadcast in 3D had what theme?
The opening ceremonies of the Olympics have NOT won which major award?
The painting “Washington Crosses the Delaware” has appeared on which state quarter?
The part of a book disclosing its publication info is known as what?
The payment company Square has a board member who runs what fast food chain?
The person who helps a weightlifter is typically known as what?
The phrase “always a bridesmaid, never a bride” was popularized by an ad campaign for what?
The phrase “hit the hay” generally means you are about to do what?
The place where your umbilical cord used to be is called what?
The popular abbreviation TFW usually stands for what?
The protagonist of what classic novel is named after a real-life fireman?
The R.E.M. song “Man on the Moon” was written about what comedian?
The rapper Q-Tip is part of what classic hip-hop group?
The reality show “Strange Love” starred a founding member of what hip-hop act?
The Richter scale is typically used to measure the magnitude of what?
The Rolling Stones song “Sympathy for the Devil” was said to be inspired by what literary work?
The skincare brand Aesop shares its name with a legendary what?
The Smart Car started as a collaboration between a car company and what?
The SNL cast member with the autobiography called “It’s Always Something” played what character?
The so-called “Billionaire Boys Club” of the 1980s got rich quick through what?
The song used in the viral Mannequin Challenge meme features a solo by what rapper?
The speed of sound is named for what Austrian physicist?
The stage name “Chubby Checker” was selected in homage to the performer of what song?
The Swiss Open has twice given out which of these to a top tennis player?
The tech term “malware” combines what word with software?
The term “blog” is short for what?
The terms of Amazon's web services contain a clause regarding potential attacks by what?
The Theridion grallator is a Hawaiian spider famous for what distinctive pattern on its back?
The tiny country of Liechtenstein borders what two nations?
The title of a 1975 best-seller by Stephen King appears in the lyrics of what hip-hop hit?
The title of the play “A Raisin in the Sun” comes from a poem by which author?
The title of the Robert Frost poem “Out, Out—” alludes to which Shakespeare play?
The title of the rock record “Steal This Album!” references a controversial work by whom?
The titles of most Sherlock Holmes stories begin with what three words?
The top prize in architecture is named for the creator of what hotel chain?
The two sides of the Great Wall of China face China and what?
The U.S. flag bearer for the 2018 Olympics is a medalist in what event?
The U.S. founding father famous for his experiments with electricity was born in what city?
The Universalis Cosmographia is the first known map to feature what?
The voice of what “Toy Story” character also played the titular role in "Sully"?
The warning that police give arrested suspects are known as what “rights”?
The westernmost region of Russia touches which of these countries?
The wife of which of these writers inspired the title of a popular video game?
The wigs worn by barristers in English courts are usually made with which kind of hair?
The word “flauta” literally translates to what in English?
The word “fortnight” literally means what?
The word “wisdom” is often used as a term to refer to a group of what animal?
The works of which artist are often used to illustrate the concept of tessellation?
The world's largest living single-stem tree is named for a soldier who fought where?
The world’s premier cheese-rolling festival features what kind of cheese?
The Zambezi River can be found on which of these continents?
Theo and Noah are the names of what animals gifted to the pope for Christmas 2014?
Thomas Edison once set up a company to build affordable housing made out of what?
Though it is still several years away, the fifth day of May in 2025 has what unofficial title?
Though their designs are similar, which of these countries’ flags has the most colors?
Though they all ended quickly, which of these late-night hosts had the shortest run?
Tic-tac-toe is typically played by writing what two symbols?
To calculate the mathematical constant pi, divide the circumference of a circle by its what?
To Londoners, the board game Americans know as “Clue” is known as what?
Tonga's 2016 Olympic flag bearer became a global viral sensation for dressing how?
Traditionally made with cheese, what Swiss dish means “melted” in French?
Traditionally, an “amuse-bouche” arrives right before what part of the meal?
Trailblazing chef Hélène Darroze has her own what?
Trees often grow from what?
Tricking someone in order to achieve a goal is an act of what?
Two items that are difficult to compare are often said to be what?
Typically, what kind of sauce is on a cheese pizza?
U.S. air traffic controllers refer to the plane the Pope travels on by what official call sign?
Uprooted thistle plants that are driven about by the wind are known as what?
What ’70s sitcom had a theme song composed by Quincy Jones?
What “butler” lent his name to a popular 1990s search engine?
What advice would you most likely get from an orthodontist?
What African country has a capital named for a U.S. president?
What African nation gets its name from the Arabic for “The Islands”?
What animal is traditionally the source of fried calamari?
What animal’s kid is literally called a “kid”?
What are candles commonly made out of?
What are French fries usually made out of?
What are omelets made out of?
What are pocket calculators traditionally used for?
What are the scientists on “The Muppet Show” named for?
What are the two cities in Charles Dickens’ “A Tale of Two Cities”?
What area of London is synonymous with the city's world-class theater scene?
What athlete has played in the championship games of both the NFL and MLB?
What author has the most books in Modern Library’s 100 Best Novels of the 20th Century?
What author is credited with coining the opening line, “It was a dark and stormy night”?
What band gets its name from an autobiography by an itinerant Welsh poet?
What basketball term derives from a French phrase that circus acrobats used to shout?
What beauty product entrepreneur became the first U.S. self-made female millionaire?
What billionaire runs the corporate behemoth Berkshire Hathaway?
What Canadian city aptly takes its name from a Cree term for “muddy water”?
What Caribbean island was the birthplace of Alexander Hamilton?
What cartoon character repeatedly perishes on “South Park,” only to return every time?
What character appears on stickers that warn children of poisons?
What chemical element was observed on the Sun before it was discovered on Earth?
What classic ’80s TV character was an alien from the planet Melmac?
What classic cartoon character’s catchphrase refers to a dish of corn and lima beans?
What classic game features a piece called a spinner?
What classic video game was partly designed by founders of Apple Computer?
What college football team’s chant is also likely to be heard on a farm?
What color are most official New York taxicabs?
What color is in the middle of most three-color traffic lights?
What color was the original Livestrong bracelet?
What colors dominate the flag of the world’s smallest nation?
What common term means a prying or interfering person?
What company's bankruptcy led Congress to create the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation?
What company’s New York Stock Exchange symbol is simply its name in all capitals?
What computational device predates pocket calculators by thousands of years?
What costume was worn by the original lead singer of the Village People?
What curious shape has NASA observed on the planet Saturn’s northernmost point?
What dance traditionally incorporates a technique called palmas?
What date is inscribed on the granite waterfront monument in Massachusetts’ Pilgrim Memorial State Park?
What day is Mexico's equivalent to July 4th in the U.S.?
What day of the week is named for the moon?
What device is used to amplify sound?
What did Darwin consider “one of the most wonderful” plants in the world?
What did Mr. Potato Head give to C. Everett Koop at a 1980s press event?
What did now-defunct teen magazine YM stand for?
What did the “S” in Ulysses S. Grant’s name stand for?
What did Yankee Doodle stick in his cap?
What disease gets its name from the Italian term for “bad air”?
What distinction does airline Handley Page Transport have?
What do camels primarily store in their humps?
What do candles on a birthday cake traditionally represent?
What does “brimstone,” as mentioned in the Bible, refer to?
What does a thermometer primarily measure?
What does bicameral mean?
What does the “A” in the biological acronym “DNA” stand for?
What does the “I” in “FBI” stand for?
What does the “S” stand for in the government agency TSA?
What does the Italian exclamation “Basta!” translate to in English?
What does the PVC in PVC pipe stand for?
What does the small hand on a clock typically indicate?
What dog breed was named for a region in Germany and Poland?
What Edgar Allan Poe poem allegedly lends its name to a U.S. Air Force facility?
What European mountain range is named for its visibility to incoming American ships?
What fashion brand's logo depicts a woman famous for her fierce appearance?
What festive term also describes a hidden feature in a video game?
What flavor of cream filled the first Twinkies?
What foliage did Adam and Eve use to cover up?
What form of energy do batteries provide?
What form of singing was historically used to communicate between mountaintops?
What fruit is also sometimes known as a “fuzzless peach”?
What genre of book typically contains a person's life story?
What hairstyle is named for a part of an animal?
What implement would you use to sweep dust from a floor?
What ingredient is the difference between vanilla ice cream and French vanilla ice cream?
What internet term is named for a mythical creature?
What is a common remedy for dehydration?
What is a common symptom of a deviated septum?
What is a derisive name for a large, generic suburban home?
What is a photo you take of yourself commonly known as?
What is an infant koala called?
What is applied to unpopped corn to pop it?
What is glass primarily made of?
What is NOT one of Pittsburgh’s “Three Rivers”?
What is the adjectival form of the word “governor”?
What is the best-selling single-platform video game of all time?
What is the capital of Australia?
What is the capital of the North Star State?
What is the correct spelling of the bear family that has starred in hundreds of popular kids’ books?
What is the correct spelling of the Pennsylvania town famous for its groundhog?
What is the first name of Holly Willoughby’s regular co-host on “This Morning”?
What is the island containing Haiti and the Dominican Republic called?
What is the largest animal ever known to have lived?
What is the largest planet in our solar system?
What is the last spoken line in Samuel Beckett’s “Waiting for Godot”?
What is the line dividing Earth into northern and southern hemispheres called?
What is the literal translation of the pope’s Twitter handle?
What is the main ingredient in ketchup?
What is the main ingredient in sawdust?
What is the main symptom of the genetic condition known as heterochromia?
What is the maximum score a player can get in a turn of three darts?
What is the mid-day meal usually called?
What is the name for a word that came directly into English from another language?
What is the name for anger experienced while driving a car?
What is the name of a Japanese art form that features trees grown in containers?
What is the name of George RR Martin’s best-selling fantasy novel series?
What is the name of London's electronic public transit pass?
What is the name of the artistic logo renderings that appear on Google’s homepage?
What is the name of the company behind the classic “Doom” and “Quake” computer games?
What is the name of the figure considered to be a four-dimensional equivalent of a Mobius strip?
What is the name of the first book of the Christian Bible?
What is the name of the imaginary line at zero degrees latitude?
What is the name of the layer that lies between the crust and core of the Earth?
What is the name of the robot that has spent more than 10 Earth years exploring Mars?
What is the name of the roller coaster feature that takes riders around in a complete circle?
What is the name of the scientific process that turns sugars into alcohol?
What is the name of the traditional Japanese art form that combines dancing and theater?
What is the name of the treat that plays a key role in “The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe”?
What is the nickname of the NHL player with the record for most games ever played?
What is the official language of Brazil?
What is the official language of the tiny nation between France and Spain?
What is the official name of the large structure in the center of Chicago's Millennium Park?
What is the only U.S. state home to two Ivy League schools?
What is the predominant keyboard layout in North America?
What is the proper name for a maker of barrels?
What is the real name of the co-founder of Cash Money Records?
What is the relationship between the towns of Menlo Park, CA and Menlo Park, NJ?
What is the term for illegally crossing the street while not at a crosswalk?
What is the term in typography for adjusting the spacing between characters to create the best look?
What is the zip code for Beverly Hills, California?
What is traditional to wear on St. Patrick’s Day?
What judge oversaw the 1994-95 trial of OJ Simpson?
What kind of number is the decimal expansion of 1/7?
What kind of power do televisions run on?
What kind of salad normally contains the most lettuce?
What kind of tax does NOT apply in the regular edition of Monopoly?
What kitchen appliance is typically used to brown slices of bread?
What land animal holds the Guinness World Record for the largest mouth?
What landmark did Ronald Reagan famously tell Mikhail Gorbachev to tear down?
What legendary “Buffalo Bill’s Wild West” star had a negative-sounding nickname?
What legendary singer has a son who has directed a Will Ferrell movie?
What long-running science fiction franchise began aboard the spacecraft Nostromo?
What male singing voice type is higher than a bass, but lower than a tenor?
What math concept is traditionally notated by a tall, S-shaped curve?
What meal combines elements of breakfast and lunch?
What medical device must legally be available at U.S. public gathering places?
What music legend’s hat stole the show at the 2009 presidential inauguration?
What name does Marlon Brando famously yell in a 1951 film?
What nation’s currency shares its name with an iconic Sylvester Stallone character?
What nation’s population lives mainly on islands locally known as “North Island” and “South Island”?
What nation’s unit of currency shares its spelling with a past-tense English verb?
What NBA team's owner once said, “There's no chance the iPhone is going to get any significant market share”?
What old-fashioned musical instrument shares its name with a Greek muse?
What Olympic legend was the subject of a song in an Oscar-nominated 1999 film?
What part of the body is damaged if you break your tibia?
What PBS icon was named an honorary captain of a National Hockey League team?
What pedal is usually missing from a car with automatic transmission?
What phrase completes the old English rhyme that begins, “Something old, something new”?
What phrase does NOT appear in the lyrics of the rock classic “American Pie?”
What playwright wrote “Macbeth”?
What pop star first recorded under the same name as the so-called "sailor's devil"?
What popular corn chip loosely translates to “little golden things” in Spanish?
What rapper starred in the movie that made “Bye, Felicia” a catchphrase?
What rating does Dudley Moore give Bo Derek’s character in the film “10”?
What school shares its name with a character from the legends of King Arthur?
What shape are the faces of an octahedron?
What shape best describes the USDA’s current diagram of a balanced diet?
What singer shares a name with a bygone empire headquartered in Ghana?
What spice comes from the crocus flower?
What sport is often played with an item resembling a Buckminsterfullerene molecule?
What sport usually has higher numbers in the final score than the other two?
What startup's name came from the co-founder watching a Fellini movie?
What state is home to the tallest mountain peak in the US?
What structure did King Kong famously climb?
What synonym for “evil” comes from an old term referring to the left-hand side?
What term is often used to describe overly ornate, flowery writing?
What term is used for both a formal set of clothes and a set of playing cards?
What term refers to diving headfirst into a pool with arms wide open at the start?
What town is home to the most works by the architect of Taliesin West and Graycliff?
What traditional stew inspired the 1930s invention of the slow cooker?
What TV acting award has Julia Louis-Dreyfus won the fewest number of times?
What TV show title would you say after clinking glasses for a toast?
What type of card is typically used to make purchases at stores?
What type of grinning animal is famously featured in “Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland”?
What type of medical treatment gets its name from the Latin for “I shall please”?
What type of tutu was designed for Balanchine’s New York City Ballet?
What type of wine is spoiled in a hit ’90s song by Alanis Morissette?
What U.S. sports league currently has two different players named Sebastian Aho?
What U.S. state borders only one other U.S. state?
What university’s mascot is a cartoonish clergy member?
What US senator had a cameo in the comedy “Wedding Crashers”?
What was “Weird Al” Yankovic’s birth name?
What was Galileo sentenced to do as punishment for writing about heliocentrism?
What was Neil Armstrong’s most famous achievement?
What was noteworthy about the world depicted in Edwin Abbott’s classic novel “Flatland”?
What was the first Disney Channel series to run for 100 episodes?
What was the first product to have its barcode scanned at purchase?
What was the first theatrical feature film to be completely computer-animated?
What was the first video game to call Mario by the name Mario?
What was the inspiration behind the iconic Cartier “Love Bracelet”?
What was the least popular papal name of the 19th century?
What was the name of Calvin’s schoolteacher in the comic “Calvin and Hobbes”?
What was the name of the wrestling giant who starred in “The Princess Bride”?
What was the nickname of the first manned airplane to break the sound barrier?
What was the prime reason for the 14th-century leadership crisis in the Catholic church?
What word completes the phrase: “Everything but the kitchen”?
What word does Nestlé use to describe their Toll House chocolate chips?
What word is typically used to refer to a serving of ribs?
What word refers to 128 cubic feet of firewood?
What would you directly learn to do from the Chicago Manual of Style?
What writer was the first to receive a MacArthur “genius” grant for science fiction?
What zodiac sign features a creature that defends itself with an aculeus?
What’s the anatomical name for the center of a hurricane?
What’s the correct spelling of the word for a high school’s chief administrator?
When England had no monarch during the 17th century, the ruler held what title?
When in flight, what letter of the alphabet do migrating geese most commonly form?
When it comes to clothing, what is peplum?
When it comes to college sports, what does the first “A” stand for in NCAA?
When it comes to mail, what does the Z in “ZIP Code” stand for?
When it comes to math, which Greek letter is typically used to represent an angle?
When microwave ovens were first sold, they were named for what technology?
When put side by side, which two state postal abbreviations form a postal word?
When ranking the seven continents by population, which is in the exact middle?
When read as a Roman numeral, which president’s middle initial has a value of 1000?
When referring to cameras, which of these words is part of the acronym DSLR?
When referring to the rodent, which of these is the correct plural form of “mouse”?
When spelled out, what is the only number whose letters appear in alphabetical order?
When the U.N. declared 2016 “The International Year of Pulses,” it was to promote awareness of what?
When the US dollar currency was created, what was its value pegged to?
When the world’s oldest subway system opened, which was one of the stations?
When used as a slang term for money, how much is a “rack”?
When used in cookbooks, maceration typically means doing what to food?
When written in all caps, which insult refers to a common type of computer user interface?
When written in all caps, which woman’s name is a classification system for moths?
Where did Bernese Mountain Dogs originate?
Where did the budget retailer Poundland open its first store in 1990?
Where did the famous “gentleman’s agreement” to end the U.S. Civil War take place?
Where is carpeting most commonly installed?
Where is the largest sawgrass prairie in North America?
Where on the body would you find the manipura chakra?
Where was Abraham Lincoln’s most famous address delivered?
Where was Richard Nixon speaking when he famously declared, “I am not a crook”?
Where will you find the only Ivy League university named after the state it is in?
Where would a doctor typically place a sphygmomanometer?
Which ‘90s movie is an anagram of the original book title which the film is based on?
Which “Rose” was the lead singer of Guns N' Roses?
Which action star is the creator of an eponymous martial art?
Which American car manufacturer first introduced seat belts?
Which animal does NOT appear on the St. Louis Cardinals' 2011 World Series rings?
Which animal is NOT a species of wild cat?
Which animal is NOT depicted in Rembrandt’s “The Night Watch”?
Which animals race at the Kentucky Derby?
Which article of clothing is also the name of a stinging insect?
Which artist reportedly got his signature look after leaving his regular glasses on a plane?
Which athlete deliberately incorporated soccer shoe concepts into their own sneaker design?
Which author's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel was adapted into a Broadway musical?
Which author’s breakout success was an essay about working at Macy’s?
Which Baby-Sitters Club member was NOT included in the film version?
Which ballroom dance is typically performed in 3/4 time?
Which band featured a regular didgeridoo player?
Which band had a member with the same stage name as a Revolutionary War admiral?
Which baseball player is NOT mentioned in Billy Joel’s “We Didn’t Start the Fire”?
Which Billy Joel album opens with a sound effect that’s appropriate to its title?
Which brand of sparkling water was commercially introduced first?
Which breed of dog is NOT named in part for an island?
Which Canadian author wrote a book nobody will be able to read until the next century?
Which candy company’s name was formed from its founder’s name and home city?
Which cartoon character made his first TV appearance in an ad for a fruit juice?
Which CEO runs the NASDAQ-listed company with the highest market cap?
Which character appears in the Shakespeare play whose title comes first alphabetically?
Which character does Jude Law play in the movie “King Arthur: Legend of the Sword”?
Which chemical compound would you NOT use to create red and blue fireworks?
Which city did Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen NOT travel to in their straight-to-video oeuvre?
Which city is NOT a terminus of the Panama Canal?
Which company is listed on both the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the NASDAQ-100?
Which company makes the TI-83 calculator?
Which company provided audio equipment that helped Disney produce “Fantasia”?
Which company was named after its founder’s unusual hairstyle?
Which company’s 2012 smartphones included Beats Audio technology?
Which concept is at the core of a dance style named for Martha Graham?
Which congressman participated in the Selma to Montgomery marches of 1965?
Which country is part of North America?
Which dessert shares its name with a Korean food made with intestines?
Which famous character does NOT grow larger by interacting with a mushroom?
Which fashion designer did NOT graduate from the prestigious Central Saint Martins?
Which fashion designer is grandmother to a literal princess?
Which film director holds a U.S. patent for a T-shirt?
Which film features the same kind of talking animal as the Old Testament book Numbers?
Which film has the same director as the concert movie that opens with the line, “Hi, I’ve got a tape I want to play… https://t.co/U1GqdX3IYc
Which First Lady’s official portrait features her resting her hand on a large dog?
Which fitness brand was established first?
Which food is traditionally a main ingredient in mock turtle soup?
Which football club has a stand displaying an extract from the nineteenth book of the Old Testament?
Which game was created by the same mind behind RoboRally?
Which gulf is NOT located at the northern end of the Red Sea?
Which haircut are male recruits most likely to get after joining the Army?
Which has been the last name of a U.S. president AND a British prime minister?
Which has NOT been the name of an Android operating system?
Which historically black college is named for a member of the Rockefeller family?
Which household device was created by iRobot?
Which ingredient is typically listed first on jars of classic Nutella?
Which inventor boarded a steamer ship in 1913 and was never seen alive again?
Which is a common flavor of toothpaste?
Which is a component of most modern computers?
Which is a consequence of letting iron get wet?
Which is a typical room in a suburban family home?
Which is both a type of subatomic quark particle and a Motorola smartphone?
Which is generally NOT a business expense you can claim on U.S. federal taxes?
Which is NOT a correct pairing of tablet and tablet maker?
Which is NOT the name of a Marx Brother?
Which is one of the three categories of Shakespeare’s plays?
Which is the INCORRECT pairing of actress to “Golden Girl”?
Which is the title of an actual video game in the Grand Theft Auto series?
Which island purportedly inspired the setting for Shakespeare’s “The Tempest”?
Which Ivy League school is by far the most recently founded?
Which Justin Timberlake hit contains the line "she's flawless like some uncut ice"?
Which legendary music producer is closely related to former President Jimmy Carter?
Which legendary writer used to live with Marlon Brando?
Which letter of the alphabet often acts as either a consonant or a vowel?
Which machine would you most likely find in a gym?
Which magazine is known for its annual ranking of the 400 wealthiest Americans?
Which memorable word from “The Simpsons” also appears in Shakespeare’s “Richard II”?
Which monarch laid the foundation stone at Balmoral Castle?
Which movie features an actor named Edgar Allan Poe playing a character named Edgar Allan Poe?
Which movie starring the rapper DMX is adapted from a novel?
Which name does NOT typically appear on the label of a bottle of Tabasco sauce?
Which nation does NOT have a two-word capital city?
Which nation does NOT have land on the island of Borneo?
Which nation’s flag features a simple geometric form meant to resemble the nation’s shape?
Which news anchor claims he once got into a minor car crash with a U.S. president?
Which novel is set in a land named after the Latin word for “bread”?
Which object is usually in a conductor's hand during a performance?
Which of the five main human senses primarily relies on papillae?
Which of the following cities is NOT home to an inaugural NHL team?
Which of the following countries sets speed limits in miles per hour?
Which of the following is a US state?
Which of the following is NOT made from natural fibers?
Which of the following is NOT one of the eight primary ingredients in V8?
Which of the following is NOT used to describe someone from that particular state?
Which of the following pastas literally translates to “little ears”?
Which of the original Monopoly game pieces was retired last year?
Which of the Queen's children has the most grandchildren?
Which of these ’80s films has the greatest age gap between its romantic leads?
Which of these ’80s movies earned an Oscar nomination?
Which of these activists is the subject of a song by John Lennon and Yoko Ono?
Which of these activities is considered a form of aerobic exercise?
Which of these actors does NOT have their own brand of wine?
Which of these actors has NOT played a person forced to live inside a bubble?
Which of these actors is famous for the classic movie line “I'm walkin’ here!”?
Which of these actors is incapable of making a fist with his left hand?
Which of these actors is known for tweeting pictures of his own paintings?
Which of these actors turned down the role of Frasier Crane?
Which of these Adam Sandler movies has a female director?
Which of these African landmarks is mentioned by name in Toto’s “Africa”?
Which of these Amazon services was launched most recently?
Which of these animals does NOT possess chromatophores?
Which of these animals has a species named after Ferdinand Magellan?
Which of these animals is a crustacean?
Which of these animals is classified as an arachnid?
Which of these animals is NOT a marsupial?
Which of these animals is NOT known for being able to reproduce without a male partner?
Which of these animals is NOT known to have passed the mirror self-recognition test?
Which of these animals is NOT native to Australia?
Which of these animals is technically a fish?
Which of these animals is usually the smallest?
Which of these animals provides a key ingredient in traditional mayonnaise?
Which of these animated movies featured the song “A Whole New World”?
Which of these are commonly worn to bed?
Which of these are typically used to help motorists see the road better?
Which of these artists has NOT recorded a song based on “Wuthering Heights”?
Which of these authors has a supermodel granddaughter?
Which of these authors has NOT written a comic book about Black Panther?
Which of these authors was over 50 when his first novel was published?
Which of these awards has NOT been won by a U.S. First Lady?
Which of these awards is given to the NBA’s best first-year player?
Which of these bands did NOT play at the inaugural Coachella festival?
Which of these baseball legends was a first-ballot Hall of Famer?
Which of these basketball terms is also a measurement of computer performance?
Which of these battles did NOT happen during World War II?
Which of these BBQ dishes is most closely tied to Kentucky?
Which of these Beatles songs is sung entirely in English?
Which of these best describes the symbol for “NOT” in American Sign Language?
Which of these biblical names was most popular for American babies in 2016?
Which of these birds can fly?
Which of these body parts contains the islets of Langerhans?
Which of these body parts is also a common part of a chair?
Which of these brand mascots is usually seen in footwear?
Which of these brands does NOT have a designer contracted for life?
Which of these brands is NOT named after a person?
Which of these Broadway productions ran for the most shows?
Which of these Canadian territories stretches farthest north?
Which of these candies was introduced first?
Which of these cat breeds gets its name from an island in Asia?
Which of these celebrities is NOT mentioned by name in LFO’s “Summer Girls”?
Which of these celebrities owns an island near the location of the doomed Fyre Festival?
Which of these characters has appeared in the most episodes of television?
Which of these chemical elements gets its name from a mythical creature?
Which of these children’s books was written and illustrated by the same person?
Which of these cinnamons is typically found at the supermarket?
Which of these cities was founded two separate times?
Which of these cities’ NBA teams has a bird as a mascot?
Which of these classic Cajun dishes was invented first?
Which of these classic novels has the longest first sentence?
Which of these classic novels was originally written in English?
Which of these clothing companies went public first?
Which of these clothing items is specifically worn to handle cold weather?
Which of these college football teams famously has the largest stadium?
Which of these colleges does NOT have a physical location?
Which of these common food additives comes from the ocean?
Which of these companies offers a “freemium” service?
Which of these condiments was created by a monarch's personal chef?
Which of these contributed to John McEnroe's infamous Australian Open ejection?
Which of these countries built a city shaped like a First Lady's facial profile?
Which of these countries celebrates Easter with both an Easter Bunny and an Easter Bilby?
Which of these countries did NOT change its name in the 20th century?
Which of these countries does NOT have the same name as its capital city?
Which of these countries has a lower gross domestic product than any U.S. state?
Which of these countries has outlawed beauty pageants for kids?
Which of these countries has the fewest land borders with other countries?
Which of these countries legally guarantees its citizens “freedom to roam”?
Which of these countries relies on nuclear power for more than 75 percent of its electricity?
Which of these countries won its independence the soonest after the U.S. did?
Which of these courtroom TV shows debuted in the 1950s?
Which of these creatures is NOT represented by a professional Japanese baseball team?
Which of these culinary terms is also the name of an active volcano?
Which of these degrees qualifies you for the NASA Astronaut Candidate program?
Which of these demonstrates heliotropism?
Which of these desserts gets its name from a very old term for “small sausage”?
Which of these desserts is often made with ladyfingers?
Which of these destinations is legally allowed to bill itself as “The Happiest Place on Earth”?
Which of these did Beyoncé use to announce her first pregnancy?
Which of these dishes would most likely NOT be served at Buckingham Palace?
Which of these disputed territories is NOT claimed by the nation of Georgia?
Which of these divisions of geologic time is the shortest?
Which of these do you usually need a ticket to enter?
Which of these does NOT appear in both the original Pac-Man and Ms. Pac-Man?
Which of these dog breeds has won the most Best in Show awards at Westminster?
Which of these dogs falls into the American Kennel Club’s “Working Group”?
Which of these dogs is thought to NOT get its name from its color?
Which of these drinks is often classified into culinary and ceremonial grades?
Which of these duos consists of two people NOT born in the same year?
Which of these elements would earn you the highest score in Scrabble?
Which of these Emmas has a tattoo of a drawing by Paul McCartney?
Which of these emperors' names translates in English to a small kind of footwear?
Which of these enlightenment philosophers also wrote a ridiculously steamy novel?
Which of these entrepreneurs has the most followers on Instagram?
Which of these European nations currently has a king?
Which of these events traditionally occurs on the Tuesday after Easter in Tobago?
Which of these exotic fruits is named for a local word for “hair”?
Which of these fabrics is most closely associated with picnics?
Which of these famous buildings contains vomitoria?
Which of these famous fictional animals is a ruminant?
Which of these famous TV judges got their start in criminal court?
Which of these fashion designers once lost his job because the clothes he designed were too grunge?
Which of these figures is known as “The History Guy” on social media?
Which of these figures is known for wearing a mackintosh?
Which of these films does NOT prominently feature identical twins?
Which of these films does NOT share a name with a NASA space probe?
Which of these films earned the dreaded “thumbs down” from Roger Ebert?
Which of these films was NOT made by Japan's legendary Studio Ghibli?
Which of these films would be considered a “Pygmalion” story?
Which of these fonts was NOT created by Microsoft?
Which of these foods is NOT a type of onion?
Which of these gadgets is designed to help you wake up?
Which of these games is typically played using a deck with the fewest cards?
Which of these Georges was a US president?
Which of these grocery store chains is owned by a German family?
Which of these groups was initially created to stop currency counterfeiting?
Which of these hit ’80s songs is NOT by a band whose name is a continent?
Which of these hit rock songs did NOT appear on a debut album?
Which of these Hugh Grant movies is rated R?
Which of these iconic African-American leaders was NOT born into slavery?
Which of these iconic mountains sits at the southernmost latitude?
Which of these iconic U.S. buildings did NOT have the same architect as the other two?
Which of these influential authors wrote the fewest published books?
Which of these innovators has appeared on the Italian 1000-lire note?
Which of these insects is typically the heaviest by far?
Which of these investments takes longest to mature?
Which of these irons is a common heat-styling tool for hair?
Which of these is a bone in the human body AND a geometric form?
Which of these is a boy wizard created by J.K. Rowling?
Which of these is a character from the 1980s cartoon series titled “Ghostbusters”?
Which of these is a common breed of cat?
Which of these is a common breed of dog?
Which of these is a common circus act?
Which of these is a common machine used in construction?
Which of these is a common office supply?
Which of these is a common synonym for instructional?
Which of these is a common term for a very tall building?
Which of these is a common type of building?
Which of these is a common type of flying insect?
Which of these is a common type of node in the human body?
Which of these is a common type of salad?
Which of these is a common type of truck?
Which of these is a distinctly Tibetan form of greeting?
Which of these is a food that vegans would eat?
Which of these is a form of precipitation?
Which of these is a German clock with a bird inside?
Which of these is a major landmark in China?
Which of these is a national hamburger chain?
Which of these is a part of the heart?
Which of these is a planet in our solar system?
Which of these is a poetry term for a stanza with four lines?
Which of these is a popular breakfast item served with maple syrup?
Which of these is a popular form of live comedy?
Which of these is a popular movie theater snack?
Which of these is a real illness that affects rabbits?
Which of these is a real Ivy League secret society?
Which of these is a real title from the “Mr. Men” book series?
Which of these is a real zodiac sign?
Which of these is a real-life world-champion female fighter in the UFC?
Which of these is a required exam at Harry Potter's Hogwarts school?
Which of these is a right granted by the Sixth Amendment?
Which of these is a shade of red?
Which of these is a synonym for the opposite of a financial bull market?
Which of these is a tool used for glass blowing?
Which of these is a weapon in the classic version of the board game Clue?
Which of these is actually in the country of Scotland?
Which of these is also known as “the devil’s game”?
Which of these is an accurate statement about typhoons?
Which of these is an acronym used to remember the mathematical order of operations?
Which of these is an actual Nobel Prize category?
Which of these is an actual Winter Olympics event?
Which of these is an alveolar disorder?
Which of these is an anagram of “twelve plus one”?
Which of these is an annual car race in Indianapolis?
Which of these is an important ingredient in making coffee?
Which of these is an official regulation for U.S. bourbon production?
Which of these is an optional section on the SAT standardized test?
Which of these is another word for “another word for”?
Which of these is both a body part and the phonetic pronunciation of a letter in the Hebrew alphabet?
Which of these is both a city in Morocco AND a common style of hat?
Which of these is considered “higher” mathematics?
Which of these is considered an oxymoron?
Which of these is defined as a tautological place name?
Which of these is designed to make easily erasable marks?
Which of these is most likely to be worn in a traditional Bavarian outfit?
Which of these is most likely to cause hair static?
Which of these is most likely to emit lava?
Which of these is most often worn between feet and shoes?
Which of these is NOT a “Little Critter” book title?
Which of these is NOT a breed of duck?
Which of these is NOT a common English meaning of the Spanish word “mañana”?
Which of these is NOT a common type of underwear?
Which of these is NOT a defunct Yahoo product?
Which of these is NOT a kind of apple?
Which of these is NOT a menu option for ordering hash browns at Waffle House?
Which of these is NOT a nickname for the NCAA Division I basketball tournament?
Which of these is NOT a palindrome?
Which of these is NOT a pseudonym?
Which of these is NOT a real berry?
Which of these is NOT a term used in Olympic curling?
Which of these is NOT a unit of temperature?
Which of these is NOT a variety of strawberry?
Which of these is NOT a word in the gene-editing acronym CRISPR?
Which of these is NOT an example of a redundant acronym?
Which of these is NOT an ingredient in a traditional Chicago-style hot dog?
Which of these is NOT an official Tetris sequel?
Which of these is NOT an ongoing award given to professional cartoonists?
Which of these is NOT believed to be a function of the uvula?
Which of these is NOT one of Switzerland’s official languages?
Which of these is NOT one of the Benelux nations?
Which of these is NOT one of the first Starburst flavors?
Which of these is NOT one of the two measurements in a blood pressure reading?
Which of these is NOT part of the modern version of the Hippocratic Oath?
Which of these is NOT part of the three-word Olympic motto?
Which of these is NOT the name of a geographical feature on the Moon?
Which of these is NOT the name of a trick in competitive yo-yoing?
Which of these is NOT the nickname of a World Darts Champion?
Which of these is one of the five standard human senses?
Which of these is one of the four cardinal directions on a compass?
Which of these is suggested in the Lamaze method of giving birth?
Which of these is the correct spelling of 1,000 years?
Which of these is the name of a Beatle AND a New Testament Gospel?
Which of these is the name of a famous cartoon chipmunk?
Which of these is the name of a piece of furniture AND a vast historical empire?
Which of these is the name of a princess in Disney's “Frozen”?
Which of these is the name of a real chemical element?
Which of these is the name of a real, finch-like songbird?
Which of these is the name of an actual ceremonial county in  England?
Which of these is the name of an actual room in the White House?
Which of these is the name of an English Test cricket ground?
Which of these is the name of an island in Hawaii?
Which of these is the name of one of the moons of the largest planet in our solar system?
Which of these is the name of the ship that famously brought the Pilgrims to America?
Which of these is the title of only one book of the Bible?
Which of these is traditionally a layer in a Nanaimo bar?
Which of these is typically sold in a bakery?
Which of these is Venus visibly lacking in Botticelli's “Birth of Venus”?
Which of these is widely used as a cleaning product?
Which of these island chains is in the Atlantic Ocean?
Which of these island groups is noteworthy for belonging to two different countries?
Which of these islands is in the Caribbean?
Which of these items could FDR have used before he was president?
Which of these items would be measured on the Scoville scale?
Which of these Ivy League schools is situated farthest north?
Which of these jobs requires a training and testing period that takes about 34 months?
Which of these kinds of chips would you use to make nachos?
Which of these landmark Supreme Court cases was handed down first?
Which of these legendary artifacts was found in the Nile Delta?
Which of these legendary pieces of furniture was designed by a married couple?
Which of these liquids comes from an udder?
Which of these long-ago empires originated in North Africa?
Which of these major ancient cities was located the farthest north?
Which of these major cities is NOT a state capital?
Which of these major Hollywood films was shot in Toronto?
Which of these materials is most commonly used as a plant fertilizer?
Which of these men has been knighted by the Queen of England?
Which of these MLB teams is one of only two located in the Mountain Time Zone?
Which of these MLS soccer teams does NOT play its home games in the US?
Which of these monuments lends its name to a common domestic chicken breed?
Which of these mountain peaks does NOT get its name from a color?
Which of these movies did NOT win an Academy Award for Best Original Song?
Which of these movies was its director's feature film debut?
Which of these music genres peaked in popularity during the 1970s?
Which of these musicians once featured in a movie based on “Blue’s Clues”?
Which of these must you enter to sail from the Black Sea to the Mediterranean?
Which of these names also refers specifically to a male duck?
Which of these names is also a term that refers to a male deer?
Which of these nations does NOT lie on the Gulf of Bothnia?
Which of these nations has NOT produced a secretary-general of the United Nations?
Which of these nations shares a border with Italy?
Which of these nations shares its border with the most countries?
Which of these nations’ capital cities is located at the highest altitude?
Which of these NBA teams has a female owner?
Which of these newspapers was founded most recently?
Which of these North American deserts is the smallest?
Which of these numbers is the smallest?
Which of these offers protection during a battle?
Which of these Olympians is most likely to perform a lutz, axel or toe loop jump?
Which of these orders of insects has the largest number of species?
Which of these particles is NOT found within an atomic nucleus?
Which of these past Olympic mascots was an animal?
Which of these people has NOT given a Harvard Commencement speech?
Which of these people has won the most Emmys for Outstanding Host of a Reality TV Show?
Which of these people is most likely to have a mutation in their melanocortin-1 receptor?
Which of these people is NOT an inductee into the Internet Hall of Fame?
Which of these people is NOT credited as one of the discoverers of calculus?
Which of these people served as vice president under the person on the US $50 bill?
Which of these people was born with the same name as a famous ketchup?
Which of these people was president of the US during the Civil War?
Which of these performers was part of the first Lollapalooza festival lineup?
Which of these phrases has NOT been the title of a James Bond film?
Which of these phrases is slang for a bad thing?
Which of these pies is typically made with a graham cracker crust?
Which of these places calls itself “The City of Brotherly Love”?
Which of these places is geographically classified as an enclave?
Which of these places is located in the tropics?
Which of these places is naturally home to penguins?
Which of these places named its capital after John the Baptist?
Which of these pleasantly-scented plants is part of the mint family?
Which of these poets' best-known works is a villanelle?
Which of these poker hands typically beats the other two?
Which of these posts was Constance Baker Motley NOT the first African-American woman to hold?
Which of these prizes did author Annie Proulx NOT earn for “Brokeback Mountain”?
Which of these products is a depilatory?
Which of these products was originally developed for surgical use?
Which of these professionals is most likely to claim to have ESP?
Which of these professions is most likely to make a horseshoe?
Which of these properties is often measured in fluid ounces?
Which of these punctuation marks can be found in an interrobang?
Which of these rappers is the tallest?
Which of these refers to a blend of spices?
Which of these refers to asking someone to an end-of-school-year dance?
Which of these religious movements was founded by a woman?
Which of these rivers forms at least part of the boundary of four U.S. states?
Which of these Robin Williams characters is a real person?
Which of these roots is often used to make naturally flavored root beer?
Which of these sandwiches is often grilled?
Which of these schools had a future U.S. president officially serve as its president?
Which of these sci-fi movie titles is also a scientific term that applies to black holes?
Which of these scientists has a common tie knot named in his honor?
Which of these scientists is credited as the first to give her subjects names instead of numbers?
Which of these screenwriters once co-wrote the script for a flop SNL film?
Which of these self-proclaimed seers also wrote a well-known cookbook?
Which of these shapes has the most sides?
Which of these shirts would an Australian most likely call a “skivvy”?
Which of these shows has NOT won a Golden Globe?
Which of these shows typically features voiceover narration instead of an on-screen host?
Which of these singers has an eponymous album title?
Which of these singers is famous for playing the trumpet?
Which of these singers referred to himself as “the Lizard King”?
Which of these skincare products is in the Smithsonian?
Which of these songs does NOT feature an elaborate synthesizer solo?
Which of these songs does NOT have the same melody as the other two?
Which of these songs was NOT recorded by the Beach Boys?
Which of these songs was recorded by a band originally named “On A Friday”?
Which of these soprano singing ranges has the lowest tessitura?
Which of these species is the closest relative of the llama?
Which of these sports does NOT typically use any kind of net?
Which of these sports has the most players per team?
Which of these sports is played with a paddle?
Which of these sports typically uses the heaviest standard ball?
Which of these stars famously performed at the Berlin Wall before it began to fall?
Which of these statements appears in the famous “Sermon on the Mount” in the Bible?
Which of these states borders the Hawkeye State?
Which of these states does NOT currently have an In-N-Out?
Which of these states does NOT have an official governor’s mansion?
Which of these states is home to the tallest structure in the Western Hemisphere?
Which of these states lies farthest west?
Which of these Stephen King novels was written under a pseudonym?
Which of these Summer Olympics events uses the longest playing surface?
Which of these Super Mario trademarks was featured in the 1983 arcade game “Mario Bros.”?
Which of these supposedly hip cities does NOT have an Instagram filter named after it?
Which of these symbols appears on the dice in Milton Bradley's Jumanji board game?
Which of these synonyms for “big” traces its roots to the biggest country on Earth?
Which of these synonyms for “large” was coined most recently?
Which of these synonyms for “small amount” comes from a Japanese word?
Which of these teams won a Stanley Cup before the NHL was founded?
Which of these tech companies does NOT have the same CEO as the other two?
Which of these technological breakthroughs was invented by a man?
Which of these television shows was NOT based on a British series?
Which of these terms accurately describes America’s three most popular beer brands as of 2017?
Which of these terms does NOT refer to a sea slug?
Which of these terms is a common bicycle part?
Which of these terms is used to describe the news media?
Which of these terms is used to refer to one nautical mile per hour?
Which of these terms means “common people”?
Which of these terms refers to a popular type of wooden board used for decorating?
Which of these terms refers to avoiding tasks by pretending to be unable to do them?
Which of these terms refers to the outer region of the Sun’s atmosphere?
Which of these things can be mathematically described as an oblate spheroid?
Which of these things did Skee-Lo NOT wish for in his hit '90s song?
Which of these titles is currently held by nobody?
Which of these titles typically wields the most power at a corporation?
Which of these toys debuted in stores during JFK’s presidency?
Which of these toys has NOT been to space?
Which of these Triple Crown-winning horses ran the Kentucky Derby the fastest?
Which of these two-dimensional shapes has the most sides?
Which of these two-letter combos is an acceptable word in Scrabble?
Which of these typically stores sweet treats?
Which of these U.S. federal government positions comes with the highest annual salary?
Which of these U.S. national parks is home to a supervolcano?
Which of these U.S. presidents was NEVER a vice president?
Which of these U.S. states is known for its panhandle?
Which of these U.S. TV shows airs earliest in the day?
Which of these universities has produced the most Heisman Trophy winners?
Which of these US presidents was NEVER impeached?
Which of these US states does NOT have a sales tax?
Which of these US states has the most official state songs?
Which of these US states is part of the Delmarva Peninsula?
Which of these US states’ capitals has the fewest residents?
Which of these veteran filmmakers has directed an R-rated movie?
Which of these vice presidents served under a president carved on Mount Rushmore?
Which of these video game companies first made playing cards?
Which of these video game consoles was released first?
Which of these was a real video game title featured in arcades in the 1980s?
Which of these was inducted into the National Toy Hall of Fame first?
Which of these was NOT a phone made by BlackBerry?
Which of these was NOT invented by the same company as the other two?
Which of these was NOT one of the canonical seven wonders of the ancient world?
Which of these was the name of an American political splinter group?
Which of these was the name of one of Gap's original fragrances?
Which of these web services was developed in the Noughties by a Russian schoolboy?
Which of these websites is an online database for movies, television and video games?
Which of these winds is the fastest on the Beaufort Wind Scale?
Which of these words can describe both a hat and a type of sleeve?
Which of these words can NOT be typed exclusively using one row of a QWERTY keyboard?
Which of these words has won Oxford Dictionaries Word of the Year?
Which of these words is a synonym for “unstable”?
Which of these words is also a common term in arithmetic?
Which of these words is believed to come from a European dice game?
Which of these words is considered a contronym?
Which of these words is NOT part of the diving acronym SCUBA?
Which of these words is used to refer to more than one ferret?
Which of these words likely came into English through Yiddish?
Which of these words means “in three pieces?”
Which of these words means the opposite of “deasil”?
Which of these words refers to a part of a bird’s stomach that grinds food?
Which of these words was invented by Jonathan Swift and is a synonym for “big”?
Which of these words was used for a long time to refer to the letter “Z”?
Which of these would a doctor most likely make use of?
Which of these would be classified using the Aarne-Thompson-Uther system?
Which of these would be considered a peccadillo?
Which of theses video games is an example of an augmented-reality game?
Which pair of countries can be found on the Horn of Africa?
Which pair of countries have capital cities that start with the same letter?
Which pair of nations has units of currency with the same name?
Which performer did NOT get booed while debuting at the Apollo Theater Amateur Night?
Which person is NOT mentioned in REM’s “It’s the End of the World as We Know It”?
Which philosopher directly inspired many of the lyrics on Radiohead’s “OK Computer”?
Which phrase consists of two football terms AND describes an arrangement of pulleys?
Which physical activity is performed in a space known as a “box”?
Which piece of camping gear do people typically sleep in?
Which piece of clothing is meant to protect your head from the cold?
Which planet is famous for its massive and picturesque rings?
Which plant is considered customary in an English royal wedding bouquet?
Which pop star appeared in the original film version of “Hairspray”?
Which popular game uses a doubling cube?
Which popular root beer brand typically contains caffeine?
Which position was first held in the last year of the previous century?
Which president raised wartime funds by keeping sheep on the White House lawn?
Which profession would normally use a Bristol board?
Which public radio program is hosted by the cousin of a multiple Oscar-nominated composer?
Which rapper has NOT acted in a Fast &amp; Furious movie?
Which Reese Witherspoon movie has gotten a Broadway musical adaptation?
Which sauce did chef Marie-Antoine Carême’s name as one of his original “mothers”?
Which Secretary-General of the United Nations once appeared on “Da Ali G Show”?
Which show did NOT feature a main cast member who played one of Jerry’s girlfriends on “Seinfeld”?
Which singer does NOT have a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?
Which singer launched the tape recorder revolution in America?
Which singer’s daughter was once the creative director of French fashion house Chloé?
Which skin mark is most likely to come and go with the seasons?
Which Spanish word is NOT a rhyme in the hit 2017 song “Despacito”?
Which species is NOT one of humanity’s two closest living relatives?
Which sport does NOT have a US Open?
Which sport does NOT use an official who is officially referred to as a “referee”?
Which state is home to a NASA facility named for the 35th US president?
Which state is home to what is considered the deepest lake in the U.S.?
Which state’s capital contains the name of the state?
Which state’s capital is likely named for a Native American word meaning “good place to dig potatoes”?
Which state’s most populated city has the most people?
Which statement is NOT true about photosynthesis and chemosynthesis?
Which statement is true of the R&amp;B group “Tony! Toni! Toné!”?
Which Supreme Court Chief Justice's portrait has NOT appeared on official U.S paper currency?
Which swimsuit style was named after a coral reef?
Which term describes pajamas with initials stitched onto them?
Which term is commonly used to refer to completely non-functional computer hardware?
Which term is shorthand for a useful item when changing a flat tire?
Which tool is typically used to clear a clogged pipe?
Which TV food competition winner opened the Wahaca chain of restaurants?
Which TV news host once wrote about his first date with Monica Lewinsky?
Which TV show faced critical backlash after a controversial turn-of-the-millennium hairstyle change?
Which two U.S. states' capitals are located the farthest apart from each other?
Which type of animal has been kept as a White House pet by a U.S. president?
Which type of musical composition is also an Olympic figure skating jump?
Which U.S. coin features a portrait of Abraham Lincoln?
Which U.S. island’s municipal bonds are NOT triple tax-exempt?
Which U.S. president’s middle name is Gamaliel?
Which U.S. state's capital city is home to an NHL team?
Which UK country has a NON-mythical national animal?
Which university’s marching band has a giant instrument that used to be radioactive?
Which US federal tax return form is known as the “short” one?
Which US president did NOT win a Nobel Peace Prize?
Which US president never had a spouse?
Which US state has a capital city with an American Indian name?
Which US state's capital lies at the highest altitude?
Which vessels draw blood away from the heart?
Which voice actor from “The Emperor’s New Groove” was once blacklisted in Hollywood?
Which website did the New York Times call “the people’s National Endowment for the Arts”?
Which women’s college basketball team saw its record 111-game win streak snapped in 2017?
Which word is spelled the same way in the United States and the United Kingdom?
Which work by Roald Dahl was adapted into a 3-act opera in 1998?
Which writer has NOT held the position now known as U.S. Poet Laureate?
Which writer is credited with first penning the phrase, “Elementary, my dear Watson”?
White precipitation that falls from the sky is called what?
Whitney Houston’s debut album contains two duets with whom?
Who did NOT win back-to-back Best Actor Oscars?
Who directed the motion picture credited as the first to show a flushing toilet?
Who famously painted the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel?
Who has NOT hosted an edition of the science miniseries “Cosmos”?
Who is considered the father of scientific classification?
Who is credited with coining the phrase: “For whom the bell tolls”?
Who is Robert Downey, Jr.’s father?
Who is the Eiffel Tower named after?
Who is the reigning monarch of Great Britain?
Who is the youngest current Supreme Court Justice?
Who just became the youngest woman to win gold in Olympics snowboarding?
Who lends his name to the machines that typically resurface the ice at skating rinks?
Who made the gaming console that indicated a breakdown with the “red ring of death?”`
Who owns the NFL record for consecutive playoff games with at least two touchdown passes?
Who typically wins a marathon?
Who was appointed to the US Senate despite being too young to legally serve?
Who was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame first?
Who was NOT a model for Grant Wood’s painting American Gothic?
Who was the first U.S. president to enjoy indoor plumbing at the White House?
Who was the first woman to serve as a Supreme Court justice?
Who was the last elected U.S. president to NOT hold office as either a Democrat or Republican?
Whose Twitter handle comes first in alphabetical order?
Whose work would you be most likely to learn more about on https://t.co/wIN6SjdXeh?
Why did the Chicago Daily Tribune rush to print the wrong winner of the 1948 presidential election?
With which of the following artists has Sting NOT recorded a song?
With whom did William Hewlett co-found a multi-national IT company?
Workers throughout Victoria, Australia get a day off every November for what sporting event?
You are most likely to hear the Tetum language spoken in which capital city?
You would find a cloaca in the digestive system of which of these animals?